Add links to w3 "An alt Decision Tree tutorial" in docs (#36357)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/html_basics/index.md

Try coming up with some better alt text for your image now.

> [!NOTE]

> > Find out more about accessibility in our [accessibility learning module](/en-US/docs/Learn/Accessibility) and how
> > to use [alt attribute in different scenarios](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/)

Reviewer: Copying across the wording from above :)

```suggestion
> Find out more about accessibility in our [accessibility learning module](/en-US/docs/Learn/Accessibility) and [An alt Decision Tree](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/) to learn how to use an alt attribute for images in various situations.
```
